Use availableOutgoingBitrate to provide recommendedResolution (#240)
opentok/opentok-network-test-js: README.md

{
  audio: {
    timestamp: 1509747314,
    bytesSent:534349,// The total number of video bytes received, cumulative
    bytesReceived: 434349, // The total number of audio bytes received, cumulative
    packetsReceived: 24234,  // The total number of audio packets received, cumulative
    packetsLost: 0   // The total number of audio packets lost, cumulative
  },
  video: {
    timestamp: 1509747314,
    bytesReceived: 434349, // The total number of video bytes received, cumulative
    bytesSent:434349, // The total number of video bytes sent
    frameRate: 15,   // The video frame rate
    packetsReceived: 24234,  // The total number of video packets received, cumulative
    packetsLost: 0   // The total number of video packets lost, cumulative
  },
  timestamp: 1512679143897, // The timestamp of the sample

>   availableOutgoingBitrate: 434349 // Maximum amount of bit that can be sent per second from the publisher

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  availableOutgoingBitrate: 434349 // The maximum number of bits that can be sent per second from the publisher
```

secondary audio-only test is required (because audio quality was not acceptable during the
audio-video test), the property is set to 'audio-only'.

> The `availableOutgoingBitrate` is calculated dynamically based on the current network conditions and the resources available on the sender's device. The sender can use this value to adjust the quality of the media stream, such as the resolution, frame rate, and bitrate of the video stream, to ensure that the receiver can receive the media with the best possible quality, while still maintaining a smooth and uninterrupted transmission.

Reviewer: You write "The sender can use this value to adjust the quality of the media stream, such as the resolution, frame rate, and bitrate of the video stream." Can you give an example of how they would do that?

Reviewer: Should the readme note the lack of support for `availableOutgoingBitrate` in Firefox (and its implications on the testQuallity results)?
